hey guys and welcome to episode 17 of my
Barrow series where I try to get all the
unique drops from the regular barrows
and as always i'm adding 50 chest this
episode to my total chests and i'm
getting pretty damn close to a thousand
chest for that loop video that i told
you guys really early on in the series
so what I'm probably going to be doing
is on episode 20 where I actually reach
a thousand i'm still going to make the
episode 20 but probably the next day
I'll have a loot video of a thousand so
it'll probably be the same amount of
loot but just in two different video
forms that way you guys can get a proper
loot from a thousand barrows chests
video and I can still continue my series
like normal so if you're new to this
series I've been doing this for a long
ass time and I'm still doing it the same
way I've always been doing it with my
arm on my sin shins and it seems like it
works pretty well so I'll keep on doing
that and either way let's go into the
drops because there are a lot this
episode so to kick off the episode I did
get an item pretty early on and it was a
tour acts plate which I was kind of
surprised because that was my most
recent unique that I got last episode
sadly you know that would be a duplicate
so I mean it's only like 400 k i believe
so it isn't horrible but it was kind of
weird to get that drop and then not too
long after i did get a guns plate body
which is pretty nice it's like 560 k i
was actually pretty excited about that
one that is 600 k more into my tab and
then for the next few drops all hell
broke loose and they were pretty shitty
and I got an exercise hood which I was
really pissed about you guys know that I
absolutely hate exercise so every time I
get it I do get on a little Mavs on
stream you guys probably already know
that from watching the streams if you
guys watch them but I just can't help it
I really hate a curse i but um it is
worth killing him for the extra chance
of getting barrels equipment so I guess
oh well it's just I really hope that
they actually sell when I actually go
sell the items so far it was only one
exercise item so I thought probably was
a fluke I probably won't get another one
and then truth be told I got another
exercise hood so that was kind of stupid
back-to-back hoods pretty depressing but
really can't do anything about that so I
just kept on going try to finish these
uh 50 total chests and then I got
another duplicate which was an Aram's
hood which isn't too terrible i mean
it's 300 k it's much better than a curse
i so it was just a you know a normal
drop to me didn't really
affect me at all but honestly at the end
of this trip I got absolutely pissed but
I just wanted to finish the Barrow so I
dealt with it I did get two more a curse
I pieces and they both were the same one
so exercise skirt and then after size
skirt again that was pretty depressing
again which is pretty sad for exercise
in on this episode I know a lot of
people on stream like joke around that
telling me I'm gonna get some a curse i
but um actually when I do I get pretty
mad so thanks to everyone who thought I
was going to get acai so I did that's
just sad but oh well you really can't do
anything about it I mean it's still
seven items that's pretty nice keeping
up or even increasing my average which
is always nice but sadly the items is up
so we're just not that great the only
good one honestly was the governance
play body and the torques play body so
yeah nothing great this episode but i
did get seven items so it isn't too
horrible of an episode in terms of drops
I've had worse but sad I couldn't get
any uniques oh well I still got four
left hopefully I can finish them by like
episode let's say 25 that is my goal now
um I think I can easily do it by then so
yeah let's go into my tab and stuff so
you guys can see what I have so as for
the regular drops i did finish some sort
of a achievement I did get a hundred K
deaths and 50k bloods this episode which
is pretty nice they both add up to a lot
of money and I did get a fourth of the
way to 100k bowl tracks which is also
really nice obviously I hope I don't
ever reach 100 k bowl tracks with the
series that would just be too many
barrows but you don't know I mean I
could be dry for a thousand chest you
don't really know I really hope not and
then in other news i did get two more
loop halves so i'm now at 16 that is
just so many key have drops I don't know
but yeah I think that's it for the
regular drops let's go on to the Bears
equipment as for the beautiful barrows
equipment and now I have four more
exercises which is a so depressing I
know I've said that word so many times
this episode but when it comes to a
curse I it really is depressing but oh
well I did add duplicate numbers to the
tour X platebody and I did increase the
Arabs hood and the guns platebody so
still chasing those uniques hopefully I
can get them in the next few episodes
but we'll just have to see and keep on
doing barrows I think you got the gist
of this episode let's go into the price
check i'll meet you guys there
so here are the regular items for the
barrows and let's just press check
because you did see the numbers earlier
so it's a tonight 67 mil that's pretty
nice it looks like the totems are
actually going down a lot so it's
actually surprising that i'm still
increasing yeah hopefully the Barrow
stones go back up before I actually sell
the tab but we'll just have to see it
really depends on when I finish these
uniques but yeah let's go into the Bears
equipment now here's the Bears equipment
and of course it's full inventory now
but you already saw the numbers as well
so let's just price check again so the
Barrows equipments actually at forty six
point eight which is also really nice
almost 50 mil and just bears equipment
that's so let's round this to around
forty seven mil and then add that to 67
and then you get a hundred and fourteen
mil tab for barrows that is really nice
I think I increase like seven mil since
last episode which is pretty average I'm
pretty happy with that increase
hopefully i can hit 150 ml pretty damn
soon that's only 36 mil away so that
seems it's probably going to be like
four or five episodes before I reached
150 mil mark which would be a really
nice achievement so yeah guys like the
video if you enjoyed subscribe if you
haven't yet so you can follow this
series and all my other series and my
various loot videos and such follow me
on twitch because I do stream this all
the time and then either way I hope you
guys enjoyed the video I'll see you guys
in the next one have a good day